Added missing configuration variable OAUTH_ALLOW_BYPASS_TWO_FACTOR. (#2849)
sameersbn/docker-gitlab: README.md

Comma separated list if oauth providers to disallow access to `internal` projects. Users creating accounts via these providers will have access internal projects. Accepted values are `cas3`, `github`, `bitbucket`, `gitlab`, `google_oauth2`, `facebook`, `twitter`, `saml`, `crowd`, `auth0` and `azure_oauth2`. No default.

##### `OAUTH_ALLOW_BYPASS_TWO_FACTOR`

> Comma separated list of oauth providers where users can sign in without using two-factor authentication (2FA). Defaults to `[]`.

Reviewer: If you agree to remove surrounding square brackets, this line also need to be updated.  
I'm not sure what happen if we set the default value to `[]` but I believe it works as expect (equivalent to setting `false`?)

```suggestion
Specify oauth providers where users can sign in without using two-factor authentication (2FA). You can define this using an array of providers like `["twitter", "google_oauth2"]`. Setting this to `true` or `false` applies to all - allow all or none. Defaults to `false`.
```
